Welcome all, my name
is Ermin and I will be
your instructor throughout
this course I'm
also its creator. So, in this
introduction video, I usually
like go over a few things in
regard to the course, like
who is it meant for?
what are records
scored? what sort of
level of knowledge is
expected from you? what are the benefits
do you have?
why should you learn C++? etc.
So first thing first
is why should you learn C++?
why is that important
at all? first of all, C++ is
a low programming language.
It has a very mess up syntax
in a sense that it is not
user friendly so to say.
But it's very
powerful it is able
to do things a lot
faster. You're able
faster with C++ that
you are able to do
with other programming
languages it is
very low level it's
down to record it has
direct hardware access. For
example if you compare it
to Java or I don't know
maybe to Python or C Sharp
or something like that.
All those languages
are considerably slower
than C++ although
there are a lot easier
to learn I would say,
anyway. however C++ does
give you an enormous
amount of freedom and
therefore you can make
a lot of mistakes while
coding but that's
the beauty of it, you can.
That you do have the
ability to do pretty much
whatever it is that you
wanted to you even do it perhaps
sometimes makes no sense.
Anyway,
games today for PCs
they are made in C++
so most of the major
games out there
are made in C++. This is done because
they're fast they're optimize
and they can work. Some of the
games that are writen in Java
or some similarly
programming language
for the PCs they
will considerably
slower than the ones
writen with C++.
Also operating systems
are within these
low-level programming languages as well.
In addition to that
do you have a number of desktop
applications and on top far of
that I personally find C++ very very
interesting and very useful especially
since in the pen testing
world, the fact that you
can do anything you want
with it that there are
pretty much no limitations,
enable us to write
pretty much all sorts
of code that we would
need for example in
other course where
I have created
instructions for how
to create a keylogger, that
was on C++ and that is
for advanced audience who
are already familiar with
C++ or already have a
good amount of knowledge
from before. but in order
for you to be able
to write something
complex as that, you
would need to learn
this basics, so they
the keylogger, it could
been written in C
sharp it could been
written in Java etc but
why did I actually write it in C++?
well first of all
minimum amount of
dependencies practically
no dependencies
or whatsoever if you wrote
it in Java, you would
have to have a a virtual
layer on your need
to actually run and Java Runtime
Environment they're
not installed
on every single PC out there so that is a
problem, also if you have C sharp
you'll again need a sub
layer, that's another
dependencie which is
not something that you
want to make such programs pendant
on there are also a good number of
frameworks there but
you don't really need
them to actually be
able to work in C++
keylogger the way it was
written was just pure
no frameworks, no nothing,
from scratch written
and make it work
But that was for a
advanced audience,
this course is
completely different
this course will show you the
backgrounds
of making the keylogger
so to say because
we will go over all
the basic things
like from square one
and other words
to more advanced
stages in C++ so you
don't really need any previous
knowledge of coding
programmig or C++
in order to take this
course, it was designed so
that anybody pretty much can
take it and they can go
at it, they can learn from it. It
does require some work on you I mean,
it does require you to go through
the videos, take a look at the
code, try to create your
own code and perhaps you
take a look at the net
for some extra resources
there are a lot of them out there so
keep that in mind
C++ developers have
one of the highest
salaries in the world.
I think that I'm
not sure like assembly,
I think kee is more but
something like that but
C++ programmers have one
of the highest salaries in
the world as opposed to
PHP programmers or anything
like that primarily
in fact that it's
extremely complex, I
don't know in recent
years I think it's
on part with Java in
terms of salary but
it ranks up pretty
high so keep that
in mind there are plenty
of jobs for it both in the
freelancing market and
pretty much companies also
requests it so it's a very
popular language it's
been around for very
long time and then you
refresh with the C++ elevade
standards there are
basically like God saving
becasue a lot other
standardization has
been done some new
very useful libraries
have been added
and you have some fantastic functions
there are there as well that we will go
over so we will go
from square one and we
will keep on moving
towards the more advanced
things and it will get very complex
the relatively short amount of time
through the course and you
will be able to learn a great
deal. Now, in addition to
all of this, you have the
Q&A section, in the Q&A
section of the course,
you can post any questions
that you might have
there will always be somebody there to
provide you with answers so if you
encounter problems if you can't
compile, if you code doesn't work,
etc. Please go to the Q&A
section and somebody will be there
I usually hire people
to look at a Q&A
section continuously
and provide you
the students with answers.
so they'll help you out
they'll made the out
smoother and provide for
a better experience
overall. Another thing is that my Youtube
Channel is out and there and there'll
be a link somewhere here, I usually
create announcements there I create
updates in terms of
keyloggs and I stay for
example ok next month
doing this this is
the next course this is what I was
planning to do you'll be able to
stay updated etc, and
also please feel free to
send me private messages
in regard to request
you can request a particular
function to be added to the
course that is also one of
the privileges and benefits
that I leave for my students,
so if I skip some things
in regard to C++ if I
haven't explained something
or if I made a mistake
somewhere or something
like that please feel
free to send me a
private message or fell
free to send an email
or in Youtube it
really doesn't matter
contact me however you
wish and tell me like: Hey
I would like you to explain
this part and I would
like you to explain this
part, hey you didn't explain
this, could you add this
to the course now there
are no guarantees that
I'll of course add
this videos but usually
I do as long as it is
something reasonable I go the
extra mile and I make it and
it's gonna get posted on the course.
Why it is important? Well
I don't know if your student high
school student or college student
or whatever and if you're struggling
with a particular subject
regards to C++ you can
make a request and
perhaps I can make
videos in regard to that
subject to help
you along the way
so that's very
nice, you can also
posts suggestions for
other courses if you like
you can post suggestions
for content in general
what would you like
me to provide you.
Also the review system,
please leave the
reviews, they are very
important of course,
but if you leave a
bad review, that
is your right, and you
are fully in type
to it, please leave a
comment down below
a state I didn't like this
this and this and that
is why I gave one star
or something like that,
just explaining why
why why you gave a
negative feedback so
that I can act on
it and perhaps change it
or improve it to do would
do something like that
provide for a better
Anyway, I do believe that will
be it as far as the course
on C++ aside from all of
that, you can see my working
environment here, not
the cleanest or the
needed working
environment they're just
tons of cables on
the table, tons of
cables below the
table, keyboards
I have three or four
machines here working + god
knows how many virtual machines etc.
It's really
chaotic because I do all of my
stuff here aside from Udemy
as well and sometimes I spent
three days in this room
like not going out anything,
I bring the supplies
in and that's like my
temple where I stay for
three days when a project
needs to be done.
Anyway I'm always
accessible, I will
always answer your
questions, doesn't
matter who you are, where
are you from or whatever,
if you sent me a private
message I will do my very
best to answer,
whether you are my
student or not doesn't matter I
will do my best to
answer, I answer all of
my questions and read
all of my emails and
questions and inquiries
and anything like
that so if I miss you
by chance, if I don't
don't reply to you just
send the same message
again and you can push
to the top because I
receive like 100 inquiries during day I
really do try to answer them all
but if I miss one, I am so sorry just
send another one, just copy and pasted it
and send it again, it's gonna
get push to the top and I
will do my very best to answer.
Anyway, I would like to
bet you all very
well and wish you
a ton of luck with this course.